okay before the break we would live to
Vauxhall to see David hate going through
his paces delighted to say Shadid saluki
is with us in the studio sold early
Harrison's China plenty of food for
thought for you there what's the first
thing that grabbed your attention how
much can you learn from from the little
we saw there actually our you know
they're serious you know your training
heart and they should be you know a lot
of people thought that this would be an
easy fight David didn't have to worry
about it but no David is worried Adam
Booth is worried so they're training
really hard okay when you've come out of
that chat there especially with Adam
Booth as well he says david haye harder
to hit and hits harder than anyone else
despite the fact he's smaller and
lighter than your man how do you respond
to that I don't think that's true I
think Utley punches harder I lose a beer
and a stronger David you know it's fast
so it was ugly you know so it's going to
be interesting they were highlighting
what you've got to your advantage six
foot six a southpaw up against a smaller
man what can you look out there to try
and get inside David haiyan and beat it
well I don't think it's really hard
really to be honest we've got a lot of
questions you know David we chant you
know he's a little man he's gonna have
to bring it to get it you know so he's
going to have to come to ally or if he
choose to run we're going and we're
still getting what some we've seen
obviously what he's been up to today
what's already been up to today we've
been training we've taken his fight very
seriously as well you know so he's in
the best shape of his life he's ready
what's he gonna need though to knock
David Haye out because so many people
talk about his left hand of you you're
saying in the break to me there that he
does have a right but everyone is keep
saying about it knocking him out he
doesn't need to knock him out to win you
can outbox him and then he has a right
hand as well are you talking about left
hand he has to worry about both hands
Ali can punch at least big we've seen
that the t shirt come off now I starting
to go onto the pads and really get
warmed up here what
the first thing that grabs your
attention as you look at the shape that
he's in now 17 days ahead of this fight
I'm not surprised about anything you
know yeah I watched David hey I watched
his amateur career I watched his
professional career haven't seen
anything different from then to now you
know I he has fast as he can punch he's
quick but also you know his chin is very
suspect oddly has fast hands as well and
everyone keeps talking about utley's
left hand he has to worry about both
hands and I'll he's gonna hit him chin
are you gonna go for that length are we
going we're going well you know we gonna
get him we going to get him we gonna hit
him he's gonna be hit in this fight and
he knows it that's why you can tell how
serious he is David is not very
comfortable with this white Adam
visitors saying he's bigger faster and
stronger than he's ever pain can you can
you correlate that from what you're
saying with your eyes that is bigger you
know he's wet to 15 to 20 now before he
was wet 200 pounds that's the
cruiserweight so he's a heavyweight now
you know but he's going against a big 6
feet 6 heavyweight that can fight but
he's got the speed that oddly hasn't got
it is that a fair comment no it's not
because idly has speed as well you know
you have David West 63 coming to oddly
that's 66 oddly as fast as well may not
be quite as fast but its height Holly's
reaches much longer than evaluates reach
value which was able to get to it that
was a tough fight she deep we'll have
more from you as we go back to fuck so
but for the moment stay where you are
please we'll come back to you in a bit
thank you you go up next we've got more
from the hey camper we've got more from
Audrey Harrison's trainer life here in
the studio that's to come plus the days
sporting headlines as on the way when we
return in a cup
this time